.\" Manpage for doil.
.\" Contact laura.herzog@concepts-and-training.de to correct errors or typos.
.TH doil 1 "December 21st, 2020" "Version 0.6" "doil manual"

.SH NAME
doil \- Docker and ILIAS

.SH SYNOPSIS
doil [COMMAND] [OPTIONS]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.\" Add any additional description here
.PP
Doil is a toolbox which comes with a bunch of commands to manage your ILIAS
instances with docker. Most of the commands come with an own optionset which
is described below.

.SH COMMANDS

.TP
\fBhelp | --help | -h\fR
shows this manual

.TP
\fBcreate\fR
Starts a setup script to create an instance of ILIAS or cate depending on
settings you will be promted within the installation process. The instance will
be create as a new folder inside of the current active directory.

.TP
\fBup [INSTANCE]\fR
starts the docker container depending on the current location of the user if
\fBINSTANCE\fR is not given. If \fBINSTANCE\fR is given doil will search for
the instance and starts it. Bails if no instance is found.

.TP
\fBdown [INSTANCE]\fR
stops the docker container depending on the current location of the user if
\fBINSTANCE\fR is not given. If \fBINSTANCE\fR is given doil will search for
the instance and stops it. Bails if no instance is found.

.TP
\fBlogin [INSTANCE]\fR
logs the user into the running docker container (www) depending on the location
of the user if \fBINSTANCE\fR is not given. If \fBINSTANCE\fR is given doil will
search for the instance and logs the user in. Bails if no instance is found.

.TP
\fBinstances\fR
lists all instances which are created with doil

.TP
\fBcd INSTANCE\fR
moves the active directory to the given \fBINSTANCE\fR. Bails if the
\fBINSTANCE\fR could not be located

.TP
\fBversion | --version | -v\fR
shows the current version of doil

.TP
\fBlog\fR
tails the log of doil

.SH AUTHOR
Laura Herzog (laura.herzog@concepts-and-training.de)
